[IMP] Inventory: add delivery slip setting to serial numbers (#11697)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/serial_numbers.rst

When finished, click the receipt/delivery order's breadcrumbs, and the assigned serial numbers are
automatically saved.

> Serial numbers on delivery slips

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display serial numbers on delivery slips
```

Reviewer: Most of my suggestions are very small, but I think the most important one might be this: I think this section could instead be moved under "Assign serial numbers", after the "Create serial numbers for incoming or outgoing products".

I say this because displaying the serial numbers on a DO goes hand-in-hand with creating them on a DO, right? It's all part of the assignment process. What do you think?

Either way, I think to clarify that this section is more about "displaying" the number (versus creating the number), it should include the word "Display" at the beginning.

Author: Serial numbers are assigned to products when they are entered into inventory, not when they are added to delivery orders. The serial numbers already exist by that time. This addition could go under the section about choosing specific serial numbers for deliveries, but I think it's best left on its own since many customers will want to include serial numbers on slips even when they haven't chosen which serial numbers to include in the order.

> ================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------
```

Reviewer: Switching to this header markup would move this as a sub-section under the "Assign serial numbers" section

Author: See my reply above. I think this works best as its own section.

When selling products tracked using serial numbers, it is possible to include those serial numbers
on the delivery slips included in packages delivered to customers. This can be helpful to customers
in cases where they need the serial number to file an RMA or repair request, or to register the

> product for any reason.

Reviewer: Suggestion revision for concision

To include serial numbers on delivery slips, open the :menuselection:`Inventory` app, and navigate
to :menuselection:`Configuration -> Settings`. Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Traceability` section,
tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Display Lots & Serial Numbers on Delivery Slips` and click
:guilabel:`Save`.

After enabling the :guilabel:`Display Lots & Serial Numbers on Delivery Slips` setting, serial
numbers automatically appear on delivery slips for every product tracked using serial numbers.

To view a delivery slip, navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory` app, click on the
:guilabel:`Delivery Orders` card, and select a delivery order. Click :guilabel:`Validate` to confirm
the delivery and add product information to the delivery slip.

At the top of the order's form, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Actions)` button, and select

> :guilabel:`Print -> Delivery Slip`. The delivery slip is then downloaded. Open the delivery slip
> using the device's browser or file manager. Serial numbers are listed next to their respective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Print -> Delivery Slip`. The delivery slip is then downloaded. In the downloaded file, the serial numbers are listed next to their respective
```

Reviewer: Suggestion revision for concision

> products in :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column of the order lines section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
products in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` column.
```

Reviewer: I think "of the order lines section" is probably overly-specific / not needed.

When finished, click the receipt/delivery order's breadcrumbs, and the assigned serial numbers are
automatically saved.

Display serial numbers on delivery slips
========================================

When selling products tracked using serial numbers, it is possible to include the serial numbers on
the delivery slips sent to customers. This can be helpful to customers in cases where serial numbers
are needed, such as filing an RMA or repair request, or registering the product.

To include serial numbers on delivery slips, open the :menuselection:`Inventory` app, and navigate
to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`. Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Traceability` section,

> tick the :guilabel:`Display Lots & Serial Numbers on Delivery Slips`checkbox, and click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tick the :guilabel:`Display Lots & Serial Numbers on Delivery Slips` checkbox, and click
```

:guilabel:`Save`.

After enabling the :guilabel:`Display Lots & Serial Numbers on Delivery Slips` setting, serial
numbers are listed on delivery slips for products tracked by serial numbers, once the delivery order
is validated.

To view serial numbers on delivery orders and delivery slips, navigate to the
:menuselection:`Inventory` app, click on :guilabel:`Delivery Orders`, and select an order containing
a product tracked using serial numbers.

> To view the lot numbers of products included in the order, make sure the :guilabel:`Operations` tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the serial numbers of products included in the order, make sure the :guilabel:`Operations` tab
```

> is selected, then click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` (adjust) button to the right of the tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is selected, then click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust)` icon to the right of the tab.
```

Ensure that the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` checkbox is ticked, which causes a :guilabel:`Serial
Numbers` column to appear. The serial number(s) for each product included in the order are displayed
in this column.

When the order is ready to be processed, click :guilabel:`Validate` to confirm the delivery and add
product information to the delivery slip.

At the top of the order's form, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Actions)` button, and select

> :guilabel:`Print --> Delivery Slip`. The delivery slip is then downloaded. Open the delivery slip

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Print --> Delivery Slip`. The delivery slip is then downloaded. Open the delivery slip
```
